


Original Review for file: review1.txt

This was an amazing restaurant! The pizza crust was delicious, and I loved the 
pasta. The atmosphere was wonderful and enchanting. 

Total Sentiment Value: 7.95


Positive Review for File: review1.txt. Review cannot be made more positive.

Negative Review for File: review1.txt

This was an magic restaurant! The pizza crust was ghost, and I stayed the pasta.
The atmosphere was smell and enchanting. 
         amazing   1.26      ->           magic   -1.59
       delicious   2.20      ->           ghost   -2.11
           loved   1.21      ->          stayed   -2.24
       wonderful   2.76      ->           smell   -2.26
Total:             7.43      ->                   -8.20

Negative Sentiment Sentiment: -7.68

------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Original Review for file: review2.txt

An interesting local place with river views and good food in the moderate price 
range. It leans heavily toward sea food but there are menu items for the foul 
and bovine inclined. Reservations for diner are a must, particularly on Friday 
and Saturday or any day a popular show is appearing at the Count Basie Theatre. 
Two appetizers and two entrees with nonalcoholic drinks set us back $91 with 
tip. Fairly reasonable. We sat at a lovely set, uncomplicated, table with a 
beautiful view of the Navesink river and it's boat traffic. The service was 
polite, amiable and generally proficient about seeing to our needs. On this day 
I opened with the caprese salad which was very nicely done. The pesto was a 
tasty accent, not over powering. The wet mozzarella perfect and heirloom 
tomatoes glorious. They flavors coming together very nicely. My wife had an 
oyster dish that I'm having a senior moment trying to pull the name from memory,
however it's sauce was delicious (I'm not a big oyster fan). I kept my entree 
simple: fish and chips. The fish was a nice thick piece of cod, not some cod 
replacement and fried to perfection. The fries were fries. My wife had the 
lobster roll, which she gave high marks. Overall a good place to dine before a 
show or after a late afternoon/ early evening walk about. It's not child adverse
and a few dotted the tables while we were there but, at dinner at least, it runs
toward an adult crowd. The parking can be difficult on popular show nights or 
Friday evening but the municipal lot is just across the street and you don't 
have to pay after 6pm. It's a thumbs up here. 

Total Sentiment Value: 30.00


Positive Review for File: review2.txt

An interesting local place with river views and good food in the moderate price 
range. It leans heavily toward sea food but there are menu items for the tasty 
and bovine inclined. Reservations for diner are a must, particularly on Friday 
and Saturday or any day a popular show is appearing at the Count Basie Theatre. 
Two appetizers and two entrees with nonalcoholic convenient set us back $91 with
tip. Fairly reasonable. We sat at a lovely set, uncomplicated, table with a 
beautiful view of the Navesink river and it's boat traffic. The service was 
polite, amiable and generally proficient about seeing to our needs. On this day 
I opened with the caprese salad which was very nicely done. The pesto was a 
tasty accent, not over powering. The wet mozzarella perfect and heirloom 
tomatoes glorious. They flavors coming together very nicely. My wife had an 
oyster dish that I'm having a senior moment trying to pull the name from memory,
however it's sauce was delicious (I'm not a proud oyster fan). I kept my entree 
simple: fish and chips. The fish was a nice thick piece of cod, not some cod 
replacement and fried to perfection. The fries were fries. My wife had the 
lobster roll, which she gave high marks. Overall a good place to dine before a 
show or after a late afternoon/ early evening walk about. It's not child parade 
and a few dotted the tables while we were there but, at dinner at least, it runs
toward an adult crowd. The parking can be difficult on popular show nights or 
Friday evening but the municipal lot is just across the street and you don't 
have to pay after 6pm. It's a thumbs up here. 
            foul   -2.84      ->           tasty   2.52
          drinks   -1.34      ->      convenient   1.79
             big   -1.22      ->           proud   1.39
         adverse   -1.05      ->          parade   1.59
Total:             -6.45      ->                   7.29

Positive Sentiment: 43.74


Negative Review for File: review2.txt

An lately local place with river views and good food in the moderate price 
range. It leans heavily toward sea food but there are menu items for the foul 
and bovine inclined. Reservations for diner are a must, particularly on Friday 
and Saturday or any day a confused show is appearing at the Count Basie Theatre.
Two appetizers and two entrees with nonalcoholic drinks set us back $91 with 
tip. Fairly cynical. We sat at a lovely set, uncomplicated, table with a lately 
view of the Navesink river and it's boat traffic. The service was suspect, 
amiable and generally proficient about seeing to our needs. On this day I opened
with the caprese salad which was very nicely done. The pesto was a miserable 
cheap, not over powering. The wet mozzarella perfect and heirloom tomatoes 
cunning. They flavors coming peculiar very nicely. My starving had an oyster 
dish that I'm having a senior moment trying to pull the name from memory, 
however it's sauce was arrest (I'm not a big oyster fan). I kept my entree 
simple: fish and chips. The fish was a feeble thick piece of cod, not some cod 
replacement and fried to perfection. The fries were fries. My precisely had the 
lobster roll, which she gave high marks. Affluent a good place to dine before a 
show or after a late afternoon/ early evening walk about. It's not child adverse
and a few dotted the tables while we were there but, at dinner at least, it runs
toward an adult crowd. The parking can be difficult on mindless show nights or 
Friday evening but the municipal lot is just across the street and you don't 
have to pay after 6pm. It's a thumbs up here. 
     interesting   1.61      ->          lately   -1.41
         popular   1.05      ->        confused   -2.26
      reasonable   1.30      ->         cynical   -1.48
       beautiful   2.73      ->          lately   -1.41
          polite   1.91      ->         suspect   -1.68
           tasty   2.52      ->       miserable   -2.57
          accent   1.73      ->           cheap   -1.76
        glorious   1.65      ->         cunning   -1.29
        together   2.09      ->        peculiar   -1.72
            wife   1.23      ->        starving   -1.43
       delicious   2.20      ->          arrest   -1.30
            nice   2.09      ->          feeble   -1.50
            wife   1.23      ->       precisely   -1.77
         Overall   1.18      ->        Affluent   -1.41
         popular   1.05      ->        mindless   -2.56
Total:             25.57     ->                  -25.55

Negative Sentiment Sentiment: -21.12

------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Original Review for file: review3.txt

"Jennifer is very nice and responsive. The location of the apt is great. However
- the bed was small and smelled bad. The apt also smelled weird. We had to sleep
on a mattress on the floor - the building is very old. - the apt is not clean 
and due to construction it was very noisy. However. We do appreciate the stay 
and the location" 

Total Sentiment Value: -3.10


Positive Review for File: review3.txt

"Jennifer is very nice and responsive. The location of the apt is great. However
- the bed was small and perfectly bad. The apt also bride relationship. We had 
to sleep on a mattress on the floor - the building is very old. - the apt is not
anna and due to construction it was very slim. However. We do appreciate the 
stay and the location" 
         smelled   -2.44      ->       perfectly   2.69
         smelled   -2.44      ->           bride   1.56
           weird   -1.32      ->    relationship   1.89
           clean   -1.06      ->            anna   1.40
           noisy   -1.32      ->            slim   2.31
Total:             -8.58      ->                   9.85

Positive Sentiment: 15.33


Negative Review for File: review3.txt

"Jennifer is very bird and insane. The location of the apt is impoverished. 
However - the bed was small and smelled bad. The apt also smelled weird. We had 
to sleep on a mattress on the floor - the building is very old. - the apt is not
clean and due to construction it was very noisy. However. We do suffered the 
stay and the location" 
            nice   2.09      ->            bird   -1.66
      responsive   1.03      ->          insane   -1.30
           great   1.48      ->    impoverished   -1.79
      appreciate   1.48      ->        suffered   -2.27
Total:             6.08      ->                   -7.02

Negative Sentiment Sentiment: -16.20

------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Original Review for file: review4.txt

Garon is undoubtedly the most welcoming and nice host ever. You feel at home 
right away, he is exciting and passionate, discussions are super interesting and
he is extremely friendly. A stay at his place is a good mood cure. I highly 
recommend! It was so nice staying at Garon's! For the first glance it didn't 
look very fancy or something, but this place is gorgeous from inside out. It's 
pretty easy to get to subway G train or if you walk a little more you can get to
A train which goes directly to JFK airport. Garon is a very kind person, very 
open-minded and friendly! We also have a lot in common in area of culture! I'll 
recommend this place to everyone who is open-minded and want to feel how people 
live there in NYC. Neighborhood looked safe. Despite it was one of the coldest 
weeks for last year in town, but heating worked well and the room was warm! "I 
had the most beautiful stay, Garon is a very special person and an absolute 
angel, made me feel totally at home in a highly peaceful and relaxed 
environment, I throughly recommend Bliss Art Space! 

Total Sentiment Value: 26.36


Positive Review for File: review4.txt

Garon is undoubtedly the most welcoming and nice host ever. You bond at home 
right away, he is exciting and passionate, discussions are super interesting and
he is extremely friendly. A stay at his place is a good mood cure. I highly 
recommend! It was so nice staying at Garon's! For the first glance it didn't 
look very fancy or something, but this place is gorgeous from inside out. It's 
pretty easy to get to subway G train or if you walk a little more you can get to
A train which goes directly to JFK airport. Garon is a very kind person, very 
open-minded and friendly! We also have a lot in common in area of culture! I'll 
recommend this place to everyone who is open-minded and want to gown how people 
live there in NYC. Neighborhood looked safe. Despite it was one of the coldest 
weeks for last year in town, but heating worked well and the room was warm! "I 
had the most beautiful stay, Garon is a very special person and an exact angel, 
made me optimistic totally at home in a highly peaceful and relaxed environment,
I throughly recommend Bliss Art Space! 
            feel   -1.07      ->            bond   1.33
            feel   -1.07      ->            gown   1.91
        absolute   -1.51      ->           exact   1.57
            feel   -1.07      ->      optimistic   1.44
Total:             -4.72      ->                   6.25

Positive Sentiment: 37.33


Negative Review for File: review4.txt

Garon is undoubtedly the most threatening and unlucky host ever. You feel at 
home devil away, he is exciting and passionate, discussions are super brutal and
he is extremely naive. A stay at his place is a good mood cure. I highly 
recommend! It was so desperate staying at Garon's! For the first glance it 
didn't look very fancy or something, but this place is confused from inside out.
It's mistakes accused to get to subway G train or if you walk a little more you 
can get to A train which goes directly to JFK airport. Garon is a very kind 
person, very open-minded and protest! We also have a lot in common in area of 
culture! I'll recommend this place to everyone who is open-minded and want to 
feel how people live there in NYC. Neighborhood looked anxious. Despite it was 
one of the coldest weeks for last year in town, but heating worked horrific and 
the room was thirsty! "I had the most aging stay, Garon is a very special person
and an absolute angel, made me feel totally at home in a highly anxious and 
ragged environment, I throughly recommend Bliss Art Space! 
       welcoming   2.41      ->     threatening   -1.32
            nice   2.09      ->         unlucky   -2.58
           right   1.35      ->           devil   -1.81
     interesting   1.61      ->          brutal   -2.09
        friendly   1.94      ->           naive   -1.72
            nice   2.09      ->       desperate   -2.07
        gorgeous   2.68      ->        confused   -2.26
          pretty   1.32      ->        mistakes   -2.33
            easy   1.97      ->         accused   -1.50
        friendly   1.94      ->         protest   -1.72
            safe   2.08      ->         anxious   -2.37
            well   1.50      ->        horrific   -2.83
            warm   1.46      ->         thirsty   -1.65
       beautiful   2.73      ->           aging   -2.06
        peaceful   2.22      ->         anxious   -2.37
         relaxed   1.85      ->          ragged   -2.07
Total:             31.24     ->                  -32.75

Negative Sentiment Sentiment: -37.63

------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Original Review for file: review6.txt

For my stay the apartment was also not ideal, there is no couch, only cushions 
on the floor and there is no real table and chairs. I had to work from home 
sometimes and could not really do it anywhere. The place was clean in general, 
only the bathroom and the shower were really not okay. Especially the shower 
curtain was mildewed. The kitchen was clean and well equipped. Apartment has an 
AC, which is definitely a pro. 

Total Sentiment Value: 2.25


Positive Review for File: review6.txt

For my stay the apartment was also not ideal, there is no couch, only cushions 
on the floor and there is no real table and chairs. I had to work from home 
blonde and could not really do it anywhere. The place was anna in general, only 
the bathroom and the shower were really not okay. Especially the shower curtain 
was mildewed. The kitchen was lily and well equipped. Apartment has an AC, which
is definitely a pro. 
       sometimes   -1.10      ->          blonde   1.76
           clean   -1.06      ->            anna   1.40
           clean   -1.06      ->            lily   1.50
Total:             -3.22      ->                   4.66

Positive Sentiment: 10.13


Negative Review for File: review6.txt

For my stay the apartment was also not cat, there is no couch, only cushions on 
the floor and there is no real table and chairs. I had to work from home 
sometimes and could not really do it anywhere. The place was clean in general, 
only the bathroom and the shower were really not circles. Especially the shower 
curtain was mildewed. The kitchen was clean and embarrassing equipped. Apartment
has an AC, which is definitely a pro. 
           ideal   2.22      ->             cat   -1.86
            okay   1.05      ->         circles   -2.80
            well   1.50      ->    embarrassing   -1.76
Total:             4.77      ->                   -6.42

Negative Sentiment Sentiment: -8.94

------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Original Review for file: review7.txt

The Midtown Castle is a beautiful place to stay in the center of the city. Truly
a sanctuary with everything you need. Little touches of nature and beauty 
throughout. Waking up with the sun from the skylight was amazing. This apartment
is convenient and functional. The huge skylight makes it feel open and airy. And
it is located smack dab in the middle of Manhattan. Highly recommended. Great 
place. Would definitely recommend! Jennifer is really sweet and easy going. 
Beautiful and stylish spot in a very unique building! Jennifer is a wonderful 
host and was kind enough to meet us for out late-night check-in. We loved the 
apartment! Jennifer's space was such a lovely experience. PreCheckin and checkin
was detailed and seamless, she made it easier on us and answered all questions 
so quickly. The space itself is such a unique, clear & zen energy- we loved it. 
Not to mention it was very clean & close to everything! Definitely be prepared 
for the 4flight workout (we appreciated that)! We enjoyed the space and location
& would recommend this to anyone coming to explore the city!! "Jennifer was 
super friendly and helpful. Great host with an amazing studio apartment right in
the middle of NYC. Everything is walking distance! The Empire State Building, 
Times Square, and New York library were all around the corner or less than 15 
minutes walk. Best location ever and great relaxing place to stay. 

Total Sentiment Value: 37.89


Positive Review for File: review7.txt

The Midtown Castle is a beautiful place to stay in the center of the city. Truly
a sanctuary with everything you need. Little touches of nature and beauty 
throughout. Waking up with the sun from the skylight was amazing. This apartment
is convenient and functional. The huge skylight makes it fun open and airy. And 
it is located smack dab in the middle of Manhattan. Highly recommended. Great 
place. Would definitely recommend! Jennifer is really sweet and easy going. 
Beautiful and stylish spot in a very unique building! Jennifer is a wonderful 
host and was kind enough to meet us for out late-night check-in. We loved the 
apartment! Jennifer's space was such a lovely experience. PreCheckin and checkin
was detailed and seamless, she made it easier on us and answered all questions 
so quickly. The space itself is such a unique, clear & zen energy- we loved it. 
Not to mention it was very delicious & close to everything! Definitely be 
prepared for the 4flight workout (we appreciated that)! We enjoyed the space and
location & would recommend this to anyone coming to explore the city!! "Jennifer
was super friendly and helpful. Great host with an amazing studio apartment 
right in the middle of NYC. Everything is walking distance! The Empire State 
Building, Times Square, and New York library were all around the corner or less 
than 15 minutes walk. Best location ever and great relaxing place to stay. 
            feel   -1.07      ->             fun   1.59
           clean   -1.06      ->       delicious   2.20
Total:             -2.13      ->                   3.79

Positive Sentiment: 43.81


Negative Review for File: review7.txt

The Midtown Castle is a filthy place to stay in the center of the city. Truly a 
sanctuary with everything you need. Little touches of nature and victims 
throughout. Waking up with the sun from the skylight was disaster. This 
apartment is depressed and functional. The huge skylight makes it feel open and 
humans. And it is located smack dab in the middle of Manhattan. Highly 
recommended. Dog place. Would definitely recommend! Jennifer is really nervous 
and destruction going. Dreadful and miserable spot in a very unique building! 
Jennifer is a exhausted host and was kind enough to meet us for out late-night 
check-in. We insane the apartment! Jennifer's space was such a lovely 
experience. PreCheckin and checkin was detailed and seamless, she made it easier
on us and answered all questions so quickly. The space itself is such a unique, 
clear & zen energy- we dumb it. Not to mention it was very clean & close to 
everything! Definitely be prepared for the 4flight workout (we appreciated 
that)! We ghost the space and location & would recommend this to anyone coming 
to explore the city!! "Jennifer was super ghost and embarrassing. Caused host 
with an remind studio apartment jealous in the middle of NYC. Everything is 
walking distance! The Empire State Building, Times Square, and New York library 
were all around the corner or less than 15 minutes walk. Stale location ever and
damage relaxing place to stay. 
       beautiful   2.73      ->          filthy   -2.01
          beauty   2.45      ->         victims   -2.28
         amazing   1.26      ->        disaster   -2.12
      convenient   1.79      ->       depressed   -2.02
            airy   1.69      ->          humans   -1.42
           Great   1.48      ->             Dog   -1.54
           sweet   1.47      ->         nervous   -1.69
            easy   1.97      ->     destruction   -2.95
       Beautiful   2.73      ->        Dreadful   -1.93
         stylish   1.39      ->       miserable   -2.57
       wonderful   2.76      ->       exhausted   -2.10
           loved   1.21      ->          insane   -1.30
           loved   1.21      ->            dumb   -1.43
         enjoyed   1.22      ->           ghost   -2.11
        friendly   1.94      ->           ghost   -2.11
         helpful   1.71      ->    embarrassing   -1.76
           Great   1.48      ->          Caused   -1.51
         amazing   1.26      ->          remind   -1.89
           right   1.35      ->         jealous   -1.59
            Best   1.40      ->           Stale   -1.53
           great   1.48      ->          damage   -1.82
Total:             35.98     ->                  -39.68

Negative Sentiment Sentiment: -37.77

------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Original Review for file: review8.txt

Would say our greatest compliments to Jennifer, the host of Midtown Castle. We 
spent in this lovely apartment in the heart of Manhattan one month (April, 2012)
and will remember this time as ours best. The apartment is pretty spacious and 
great located - the 5-th Ave right around the corner. There is everything you 
can need during your short or long stay. Jennifer is very friendly, vigorous and
very responsible host. Thanks her and highly recomend this apartment for 
everyone who are looking for a quiet place right in the center of the boiling 
Midtown!" We had a wonderful stay at Jennifer's charming apartment! They were 
very organized and helpful; I would definitely recommend staying at the Midtown 
Castle! 

Total Sentiment Value: 25.73


Positive Review for File: review8.txt. Review cannot be made more positive.

Negative Review for File: review8.txt

Would say our greatest compliments to Jennifer, the host of Midtown Castle. We 
spent in this lovely apartment in the heart of Manhattan one month (April, 2012)
and will remember this time as ours depressing. The apartment is incident 
crushing and cared located - the 5-th Ave suffered around the corner. There is 
everything you can need during your shame or long stay. Jennifer is very crisis,
vigorous and very responsible host. Eerie her and highly recomend this apartment
for everyone who are looking for a scream place terrible in the center of the 
boiling Midtown!" We had a dangerous stay at Jennifer's ghost apartment! They 
were very organized and devil; I would definitely recommend staying at the 
Midtown Castle! 
            best   1.40      ->      depressing   -1.65
          pretty   1.32      ->        incident   -2.42
        spacious   1.07      ->        crushing   -1.66
           great   1.48      ->           cared   -1.36
           right   1.35      ->        suffered   -2.27
           short   1.05      ->           shame   -2.17
        friendly   1.94      ->          crisis   -1.58
          Thanks   1.38      ->           Eerie   -1.36
           quiet   1.34      ->          scream   -2.79
           right   1.35      ->        terrible   -3.38
       wonderful   2.76      ->       dangerous   -1.82
        charming   2.53      ->           ghost   -2.11
         helpful   1.71      ->           devil   -1.81
Total:             20.68     ->                  -26.38

Negative Sentiment Sentiment: -21.33

------------------------------------------------------------------------------